Update communications.md (#25731)
fleetdm/fleet: handbook/company/communications.md

- **Turn on your camera.** This allows for more complete and intuitive verbal and non-verbal communication. Feel free to leave your camera on or turn it off when joining meetings with new participants you might not be familiar with yet. Turn your camera on when you lead or cohost a meeting, or when you present your work during a demo session.
  - **If you would prefer not to be on YouTube** when presenting on a meeting, you can prep your demo ahead of the meeting and communicate to your manager who will present for you.  It's always ok to do this.
- **Be warm.**  It's okay to spend the first minute or two of a meeting being present and making small talk. Since we are all remote, it's easy to miss out on hallway chatter and human connections that happen in [meatspace](https://www.dictionary.com/browse/meatspace).  Use this time together during the first minute to say "Hi!"  Then you can jump into the topics to be discussed.

> - **Confidentiality reminder.** Fleet meetings are considered public by default unless [otherwise specified](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#levels-of-confidentiality). During a public meeting, if confidential information should be redacted from publication (such as YouTube, social media, etc.), please verbally say, "Pineapple, pineapple, pineapple." Videos are transcribed, and this makes it easier to find required redactions during the editing process before [upload](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/demand#upload-to-youtube).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Confidentiality reminder.** Fleet meetings are considered public by default unless [otherwise specified](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/company/communications#levels-of-confidentiality). All public meeting transcripts and video are screened for confidential information before being published. If confidential information (e.g. customer names, IP addresses, GitHub secrets, etc.) is revealed via screen share or audio during the recording of a public meeting, any team member on the call that notices sensitive information should verbally say, "Pineapple, pineapple, pineapple." 

> 🍍🍍🍍 Why three times? This helps ensure that at least one of the "Pineapple" call-outs will be transcribed correctly. 🍍🍍🍍   

Videos are transcribed, and this makes it easier to find required redactions during the editing process before [upload](https://fleetdm.com/handbook/demand#upload-to-youtube).
```

>   - **When sharing your screen** at a meeting, refrain from sharing sensitive information during screen shares. (Such as customer names, private messages, or other confidential information.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **When sharing your screen** during a public meeting, refrain from displaying sensitive information such as customer names, private messages, or other confidential information.
```
